it can be hard to stay motivated when
pregnant with your body's new
limitations and constant fatigue so I'm
here with pregnant celebrity trainer
Tracy Anderson who's going to show us
how to keep our behinds toned and active
while still having that growing belly
pregnancy as you know it's a whole
different ballgame and every single
stage of pregnancy you feel different
and how you move feels different so we
are going to show you some moves that
you can do throughout your pregnancy
Tracy tell us what are things that we
should avoid when pregnant you really
want to listen to your body first and
foremost you're going to have days where
you feel tired or days where something
just doesn't feel right and nobody can
tell you better than you can tell
yourself what you can handle each day
you also don't want to get overheated
this is the most important thing you
don't want to get too hot right there
are a lot of dangers associated with
that in everybody's barometer for what
hot is is different so you're just
better to be safe than sorry when you're
pregnant so the first move like I said
is going to incorporate stretching I
really advise it use a chair just for
balance especially if it's your first
pregnancy you never know when you start
to move what's gonna what's going to
happen let's go but as your belly grows
you really need to focus on pushing your
hips back so you're going to dip down to
the ground and then punch the weight up
and it really stretches out your
hamstrings as well which you're going to
start to feel really tight especially in
your third trimester you're just gonna
feel like you can't stretch out enough
and it's a really important thing
especially in your hips he's going to
dip down and up and if you want to try
it on a leg you can okay feet just
shoulder width apart yup exactly and
then just punch the weight up that's
great and you can do this 30 times on
each side
[Music]
for the next move you want to make sure
you're a really sturdy chair and you're
going to kneel on the chair with your
left knee first left arm on the back of
the chair right arm on the front of the
chair and you're going to lift the leg
up cross it behind the left buttcheek
all the way up at a high diagonal and
then bring it back down and go ahead and
let your hip go with it
but there's no reason why our butts
can't look as good as possible for as
long as possible so a move like this
really helps with that
[Music]
and I can really feel this in my core
which is nice because it's hard to get a
good core workout pregnant and after
about 30 of those you'll feel that in
your formula I think you can get a
cardio good good job
[Music]
for the last move I'm going to show you
a move that lets your uterus hang which
is really great so you're going to kneel
down on a mat and we're going to put our
right arm out in front of our left arm
and I'm going to put my my leg in this
inverted position and this is a position
that I use a lot where the knee is
rotated in and the foot is really swung
out to inside as far as you possibly can
as you swing that leg up across the back
you're going to drop the right elbow to
give you a little more range of motion
and you're going to extend the leg
straight across it and upward diet so
the arm comes up as the knee touches the
ground and then as you travel up the
elbow comes down to the mat like that so
it's here and here again we're working
through the center of our body as well
so we are contracting our abdominal
muscles without disturbing the little
growing baby
[Music]
by strengthening your butt muscles
you're sure to preventing bad posture
and back aches yeah it kind of good
stuff that comes with fragments II very
true now there's so much thrown at us
and we're pregnant if you had to sum it
all up with one tip it's such a special
time and it's not just about you right
now oh yeah this is preparation for
motherhood you got to think about
nothing else
it's very so great thank you so much for
your dance train so much thank you to
fit sugar TV for more pregnancy workouts
we'll see you next time